Add content from community doc PR:1075 to 1077 (#198)
rancher/longhorn-product-docs: docs/version-1.9.0/modules/en/pages/introduction/concepts.adoc

== 1. Design

The design has two layers: the data plane and the control plane. The Longhorn Engine is a storage controller that corresponds to the data plane, and the Longhorn Manager corresponds to the control plane.

=== 1.1. The Longhorn Manager and the Longhorn Engine

> The Longhorn Manager Pod runs on each node in the {longhorn-product-name} cluster as a Kubernetes https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[DaemonSet]. It is responsible for creating and managing volumes in the Kubernetes cluster, and handles the API calls from the {longhorn-product-name} UI or the Longhorn CSI plugin. It follows the Kubernetes controller pattern, which is sometimes called the operator pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Longhorn Manager Pod runs on each node in the {longhorn-product-name} cluster as a Kubernetes https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[DaemonSet]. It creates and manages volumes in the Kubernetes cluster and handles the API calls from the {longhorn-product-name} UI or the Longhorn CSI plugin. It follows the Kubernetes controller pattern, which is sometimes called the operator pattern.
```

Author: Thanks modified.
